hey it's pat and Carolyn up with another
vlog about America's Next Top Model and
you can see we are in a new location
this week we are if you watch the show
you know it was all about airplane
travel and airport so we decided we
gotta go to the airport yeah you can see
behind us there's a plane hey Landon
special privileges just for this yeah
just kidding actually we had to fly
we're going to a wedding so we were
really sad because we weren't gonna
watched him top model but JetBlue Thank
You jetblue I've had songs on the plane
we got to watch it on the airplane if
you go to his blog you're gonna see
pictures of me like oh my gosh she had
the TV amazing it could not have been
better so perfect this week was all
about airplane travel and started out
with a little drama because fatima we
weren't sure what was gonna hafta get
deported thank God she could that was
the opposite she couldn't get deported
shouldn't go anywhere that's right but
as you've come to see it works itself
out so the first thing was this
challenge with the interviews Paulina
who looked oh she was looking good all
right yeah she looked good she came into
the house she did some fake interviews
yeah she tried to get the girls
personalities open up they did pretty
much she pretended to be mrs. du Bois
it's come down but it was an interview
yeah she looked amazing so all right
Paulina yeah so then they have this
challenge at the 7up I 7m party and of
course you learn red carpet Lara Spencer
from E was there and insider inside her
eat eat we don't know one of those shows
their shoes whatever she was like it was
interesting she did some interviews with
her folks Whitney Whitney looked like
Anna Nicole a lot but she looked good
good Anna Nicole yeah but she's a little
over the top and kind of fake stays rain
was boring yeah and kind of also kind of
it's like they overdo it yeah shocking
Anya she was amazing at the party she
was like I really like it i was really
good she did a great job huge ended up
winning it was a challenge so and ten
thousand dollars oh my god yeah she got
today to chapter 7 up accent lessons
yeah well if they have is I don't know
shaking at her eyebrows back for ten
thousand dollars oh yeah there we go she
was really good so go on yeah
so yeah I get tire mill they get a tire
man no lag behind you might miss your
connection they're like oh my God we're
going abroad they packed their bags to
go to the airport just like us and mr.
chase like nope we just needed you props
hahaha they just did a photo shoot in
front of a jet and they pretended like
they were going to miss their planes all
the girls were running cool yeah well
far shoot it was real all at once and
they looked so vintage they fit the part
it looked really good and I liked it I
thought the only person that did a bad
job with stacy is boring she's looked
like where yeah but fatima didn't even
get to do the shoot because she's too
busy at the wherever she's from
consulate trying to get her passport and
travel papers so she could go abroad
would you kind of jump on the gun Fatima
because who knows if you were even gonna
make it to go and why would you both be
risky yeah yeah she makes it back she
didn't do the photo shoot nobody made a
second time she made it in time they
actually had a secret panel their girls
went inside and oh my god doors open up
and it's the panel right in front of a
jet very cool get on the stage
elimination right now it's happening
they told Fatima you know every other
girl in past history that didn't new
photoshoot how to get eliminated but
they were gonna judge her anyway and
lucky for her her and stacy Ann were in
the bottom nema he got to stay another
week it was good and get to court it
next week yeah Stacy and went they said
she was boring and she plateaued so she
was gone Anya was called first I'm still
picking her to win you're talking so
fast I'm sorry my arms getting tired of
my camera and a little jet lag not
really okay so pics Anya done it's all
the same oh god I gotta say on you two
other catchers Jenna did print she still
have it up neutrogena I mean as you guys
like to call her now too anyway so we'll
be back next week right yeah hopefully
we won't have to watch it from 6,000
feet above the planet although that was
a cool experience in our know I know
Jeff live give us free tickets free
tickets thank you alright guys we'll see
you next week later